OCPBUGS#38352-16: Updated the Supported network plugin feature matrix… (#81419)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-matrix.adoc

.Default CNI network plugin feature comparison
[cols="50%,25%,25%",options="header"]
|===

|Feature|OpenShift SDN|OVN-Kubernetes

|Egress IPs|Supported|Supported

|Egress firewall|Supported|Supported ^[1]^

|Egress router|Supported|Supported ^[2]^

|Hybrid networking|Not supported|Supported

|IPsec encryption for intra-cluster communication|Not supported|Supported

|IPv4 single-stack|Supported|Supported

|IPv6 single-stack|Not supported|Supported ^[3]^

|IPv4/IPv6 dual-stack|Not Supported|Supported ^[4]^

|IPv6/IPv4 dual-stack|Not supported|Supported ^[4]^

|Kubernetes network policy|Supported|Supported

|Kubernetes network policy logs|Not supported|Supported

|Hardware offloading|Not supported|Supported

|Multicast|Supported|Supported

|===
[.small]
--
1. Egress firewall is also known as egress network policy in OpenShift SDN. This is not the same as network policy egress.

2. Egress router for OVN-Kubernetes supports only redirect mode.

3. IPv6 single-stack networking on a bare-metal platform.

> 4. IPv4/IPv6 or IPv6/IPv4 dual-stack networking on bare-metal, {vmw-full} (installer-provisioned infrastructure installations only), {ibm-power-name}, {ibm-z-name}, and {rh-openstack} platforms.

Reviewer: Once you start the backport, note that OpenStack is supported on both dual--stack Ipv4 primary and IPv6 primary since 4.15. Before that, on 4.14 only IPv4 primary was available as Tech Preview

|IPsec encryption for intra-cluster communication|Supported|Not supported

|IPv4-primary dual-stack|Supported|Supported ^[3]^

> |IPv6 single-stack|Supported ^[4]^|Unsupported

Author: - v6-primary supported on baremetal was from 4.13? 
- v6-primary supported on VMWARE until 4.14?
- Any dual-stack support on OpenStack was added around 4.14?
 Dual stack of any sort on OpenStack was added around 4.14 as

Reviewer: openstack only supports dualstack either ipv4 or ipv6 primary with ovn-kubernetes.

> |IPv6 IPv6-primary dual-stack networking|Supported ^[5]^|Unsupported

Reviewer 2: To be consistent with 'IPv4-primary dual-stack' above, this can be 'IPv6-primary dual-stack'

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

|IPsec encryption|Not supported|Supported

|IPv4-primary dual-stack|Supported|Supported ^[3]^

|IPv6 single-stack|Supported ^[4]^|Unsupported

> |IPv6-primary dual-stack|Supported ^[5]^|Unsupported

Reviewer 3: Ah, It looks like the columns were not swapped correctly for OpenShift SDN.

should be 

```
|IPv4-primary dual-stack|Unsupported|Supported ^[3]^

|IPv6 single-stack|Unsupported|Supported ^[4]^

|IPv6-primary dual-stack|Unsupported|Supported  ^[5]^
```

> |IPv6 IPv6-primary dual-stack networking|Supported ^[5]^|Unsupported

Reviewer 2: To be consistent with 'IPv4-primary dual-stack' above, this can be 'IPv6-primary dual-stack'

Author: :heavy_check_mark:

2. Egress router for OVN-Kubernetes supports only redirect mode.

> 3. IPv4-primary dual-stack networking on bare-metal, {vmw-full}, {ibm-power-name}, {ibm-z-name}, and {rh-openstack} platforms.

Reviewer 3: Since 4.13 we seem to track this in the code now with `allowV6Primary` flag in 

https://github.com/openshift/installer/blob/release-4.13/pkg/types/validation/installconfig.go#L241

4. IPv6 single-stack networking on a bare-metal platform.

> 5. IPv6-primary dual-stack networking for a cluster running on a bare-metal, a {vmw-full}, or an {rh-openstack} platform.

Reviewer 4: Should this match the construction of `3.`?
```suggestion
5. IPv6-primary dual-stack networking on a bare-metal, {vmw-full}, or {rh-openstack} platforms.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
